# Yishan - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview
NurseSched is a desktop app for managing a Nurse's schedule, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface (CLI).
With NurseSched, users are able to manage patients’ appointments, nurses’ schedules, patient profiles, nurses' to-do
tasks and medicine supply.

### Summary of Contributions
Given below are my contributions to the project.

#### Code contribution
Code can be found [here](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=lys2333&breakdown=true&sort=groupTitle%20dsc&sortWithin=title&since=2025-02-21&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other).

#### Enhancements Implemented

- **New Feature:** Allow manipulation of a Shift List.

  - Mark / Unmark shifts: Marks and unmarks a shift in the shift list to show its completion.
  - Edit shifts: Edits an existing shift in the shift list by updating its relevant fields.
  - Log overtime: Logs an overtime hour value into a specific shift entry.
  - Sort shifts: Sorts the shift list chronologically by date and start time.
  - Save shifts: Automatically saves the updated shift list into local storage after any modification.

#### Contributions to the UG

- Gave details on how to use features related to Shifts information.

#### Contributions to the DG

- Gave details on the `Shift` component.
- Describe the implementation of one of the features `shift sort`, including the implementation of  `shift add`.
- Add sequence diagrams for `shift sort` and `shift add`

#### Contributions to team-based tasks

- Assisted in setting up the GitHub team org/repo.
- Maintaining the issue tracker.
- Created issues on GitHub.
- Added JUnit tests to improve code coverage.
- Participated in fixing bugs found during PE dry run.
- Tested peers commands to catch any bugs.
- Contributed to demo video.

#### Contributions beyond the project team

- [PantryPal DG Review](https://github.com/nus-cs2113-AY2425S2/tp/pull/29)
